netstat: use long argument format (#5252)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/netstat.md

# netstat

> Displays network-related information such as open connections, open socket ports, etc.
> More information: <https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man8/netstat.8.html>.

- List all ports:

`netstat --all`

- List all listening ports:

`netstat --listening`

- List listening TCP ports:

`netstat --tcp`

- Display PID and program names:

`netstat --program`

- List information continuously:

`netstat --continuous`

> - List routes and do not resolve IP to hostname:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- List routes and do not resolve IP addresses to hostnames:
```
